"Not partiality, these and that, things. We are not kind of like, narrowly cornered,
like a Dzocchi mind in some way and there, nothing we need. And we do that, we are discriminating
the display of the three Gaius. That is not the correct practice, you know, that's what we're
learning in teachings. Therefore, Dzocchi means we're compromising, or we bring everything.
We are embracing everything as part of the display. That is the beauty, samsara and the
rana, all in that night, that status, that great status. And that is what the Dzocchi is.
Therefore, to bring that result, we have to bring, capture, we have to start that. Therefore,
we're practicing, entirely Buddha's teaching, without losing one single word for the Buddha.
The greatest teacher, Buddha spoke. That's what every great master said. We're never going to miss
the Hinayana teaching, Mayana teaching, Vedayana teaching, embracing everything as part of the
growth, part of the development, part of the itself. That, when we do, then true, we are
practicing with Dzocchi. Not Hinayana practitioner, not Mahayana practitioner or Sothar Mahayana
practitioner, we're true Dzocchi practicing. As we are cornered in narrow mind, in Dzocchi thinking
,
Dzocchi practice, something is completely different. That is narrow mind. That is not
Dzocchi, what we are learning here. That's not what the Buddha summoned about speaking. That's
not what the Buddha, Buddha Shakyamuni said. That's not the Garab Durya saying, Hirisala,
Manjichirimata, all those great minds, never seen. That is not saying that Dzocchi's words,
but we are narrow, small mind. Small mind, we are following extreme stages. Thinking of the Dzocchi
,
we are following another edge, another extremes. So therefore, we're going to come, bring,
embrace, as I said, bring all the teaching. That's what the great master says. That's
what the Gethi, what the Hirarung, he said so many times. I heard this from his only Durya,
so many times. You read books of the his only Dzocchi. You read books of the,
of the papa rambutas, mass papa rambutas, Dzocchi great teacher, force with chenze,
force and control, and Mahara rambutas. Every one of those great Dzocchi masters,
the practice who practice rich enlightenment, they embracing everything, everything and both
in one single state. That's how they explore the beauty and the quality of the three guys,
of our very own natural beauty. And that is what, how we're going to practice. To do that, again,
great teacher, the lineage of masters, both every Buddha teaching in one simple way so that we can
put practices, and that is known as the Kundra practice. So therefore, I'm actually encouraging
always, and you do myself too, we all need to practice. Kundra is our practice, the beginning
practices. Kundra is the middle practices. Kundra is our complete practices. This is what we're
going
for. It is foundation practices, it is structural practices, it is finicky practices. When we have
the foundation, Kundra is a foundation, is laying the perfect foundation, perfect foundation. When
we start building up the building, the same material that we do too, you know, same material,
same thing what we use the foundation, use to build up the buildings. And the same material,
same similar things we use to put the finishing type, roots and everything. That is the how we do.
In all the levels, all the level, and therefore here, the Kundra practice, that is very important.
With the Jockey practice combined, look at that, makes perfect fuel, perfect to lift up from the
samsara and to the nirvana, and transforming samsara itself as the nirvana states. And therefore,
again, this Kundra is so important, so special, and this Kundra is divided into four, two groups,
two major groups. First is the general Kundra practice, which based on the Four Reynolds act
of thought, or portraying of the mind, all four different therapies of the mind. We're doing
therapies, therapies from the duality, from the regiment of the ego-clinging, regiment of the
grasping, clinging, clinging, and that is what we're doing. So therefore, this Four Reynolds act of
thought is immediately like therapists, therapy to the mind. It makes gentle, peaceful, soft,
practical, and looking close to the way things are, so then we can grow, we can develop. And from
that,
right after that practice, reflected that thought, and then we begin the practice itself. And that
is known as then, then rafuj. Rafuj is the essence of the entire Buddha's teaching, and
particularly
connected to the Hinayana teachings. It is essence of that all. And this is the essence of the Mah
ayana
teachings, that you all know and understand in that course. And today, I'm going to talk about
the mandala practices. It depends with the Kundal practice you do. The short Kundal, which is
mandala, is the hardest place, hard place. So follow according that. And some more than the
Kundal practices is mandala is in fourth, fourth, various other kinds of fourths. But this time,
as a short Kundal, that system is in fourth, or so in third, third level. And we talk about the
the mandala. The mandala is...